#summary 版本資訊
#labels Featured

----------------------------------------------------------
= 小狼毫 更新日誌 =

小狼毫 0.2

  * 增加安裝為繁體中文輸入法的選項
  * 可通過註冊表設定介面字體、字號
  * 更新核心算法 3.6，包括以下功能升級：
    * 重寫了數據庫管理工具，提供刪除輸入方案、導入、導出用戶資料的功能
    * 改善安裝輸入方案速度慢的狀況
    * 改進組句算法執行效率、調頻策略、根據上文調整候選排序
    * `鍵進入西文模式、無候選詞時可輸入網址、郵箱、浮點數（僅限於roman／羅馬字解析方式）
  * 推介「速成」、「吳語（老派）」輸入方案

小狼毫 0.1

  * 精簡預設詞庫

預覽版 20100912

  * 改進安裝腳本，探測Python安裝路徑
  * 新增「廣韻」輸入方案

預覽版 20100906

  * 實現在 Google Chrome 及 Excel 中的光標跟隨
  * 首次切出時提示信息窗口定位到光標處
  * 同步核心算法 ibus-zime 3.5
  * 更新輸入方案，粵拼回滾到 scim-table-zh 版本（無聲調）

預覽版 20100904

  * 新增上海吳語輸入方案，感謝上海閒話ABC君的付出！
  * 新增粵拼聲調輸入，感謝thhui君提供碼表
  * 標調拼音、注音方案改用自動生成注音的安裝方式，優化安裝包大小
  * 完善安裝腳本，自動檢測操作系統類型，提示用戶選擇安裝輸入方案

預覽版 20100827

  * 修正 Issue 35：切換到其他輸入法，再次切入時候選窗文字未清除
  * 切出【小狼毫】時提示當前選用的輸入方案
  * 完善安裝腳本

預覽版 20100826

  * 修正 Issue 24：UI刷新時閃爍
  * 修正 Issue 32：某些按鍵（組合）無法使用
  * 增設熱鍵F1呼出輸入方案選單；調出選單後再次按下F1執行其默認功能

預覽版 20100823

  * 修正BUG：輸入焦點在屏幕底部，開始輸入時候選窗顯示不全
  * 系統VC9運行時庫版本不一致，WeaselServer程序出錯；改為靜態鏈接

預覽版 20100822

  * 初製成

----------------------------------------------------------

= ibus-zime release notes =
{{{
ibus-zime 3.6 - 2010-10-17
==========================
  - new zimedb-admin tool with schema install/uninstall and userdata dump/restore functionalities.
  - improve performance in schema installation process.
  - enhanced conversion algorithm with perfomance improvement and bug-fixes.
  - Tab key toggles the cursor between the beginning and then end of undetermined input.
  - backquote (`) turns existing input into raw-mode, enabling easy input for URLs and email addresses.
  - floating-point numbers like 3.14 is now traited correctly.
  - introducing schema Quick.

ibus-zime 3.5 - 2010-09-05
==========================
  - merged branch from weasel/engine.
  - updated schema files, introducing Wu - Shanghainese input.
  - add make targets for schema installation.

ibus-zime 3.4 - 2010-04-25
==========================
  - the most previously inputted pinyin is made always visible.
  - the number of candidates per page can now be defined by setting Option/PageSize (defaults to 7).
  - cancel phrase creation by hitting BackSpace within 5 seconds immediately after committing.
  - replaced Pinyin data with a Simplified Chinese dictionary from Android PinyinIME.
  - removed Zhuyin, TonalPinyin from the install package. they are still available at ZIME website.

ibus-zime 3.3.1 - 2010-03-16
============================
  - bug-fix in Makefile: create a separate libexec dir /usr/lib/ibus-zime.

ibus-zime 3.3 - 2010-02-06
==========================
  - performance enhancement.
  - improvement in candidate generation algorithm for long sentences.
  - memorize partially confirmed sentence against further editing.
  - insert delimiters to raw input committed by hitting Return.
  - bug fix: inconsistent keyword mapping in spelling algebra.

ibus-zime 3.2 - 2010-01-15
==========================
  - removed extra schemas.

ibus-zime 3.1 - 2010-01-14
==========================
  - fixed issue 2: improve backsapce key behavior in table parser.

ibus-zime 3.0 - 2010-01-13
==========================
  - adopted new schema file format as defined in ZIME Schema Specification v3.
  - full support for Spelling Algebra now implemented, enabling dict sharing between related schemas.
  - added table parser, supporting new schemas DoublePinyin, Cangjie5 and Quick.
}}}

= Plume.js release notes =
{{{
Plume.js 2.1 - 2010-01-22
=========================
  - bug fix: undesirable behavior when Tab/End keys are used under conversion mode.
  - minified JavaScript files.

Plume.js 2.0 - 2010-01-15
=========================
  - adopted new schema file format as defined in ZIME Schema Specification v3.
  - full support for Spelling Algebra now implemented, enabling dict sharing between related schemas.
  - added table parser, supporting new schemas DoublePinyin and Quick.
}}}